huh I'll calm never oh shit they're
playing shadow play they're carrying
this please do this priest is like 2k
we're going hard a priest yeah we used
to be my stick in the priest you go
chardon chardon lock though and priests
dude I think I've said right now pets
that it up
uh it's feared and get me there no no
your sounds hot but what a fella right
here this is
swapping like a la kellogg and extend
again here covering this and don't know
alright are not breathe hard for you
just let out there are you gonna be in
the game though so much almost like that
they're great and so I'm taking on a
stuffy KX drinking this is first in
xiamen but def coiled go back priest
Chuck you're a
big shock hearing shaman now gone okay
thanks master Bowl hex on shaman we're
gonna show you that you have no chairman
for that I fully kind of both the
Shoppach Scola fakes about like freak
ass right now yeah Sean chama cha chance
Billy Pitt that's fine I guess I want to
call a shaman right now you jumped on
taste of chase all right here no don't
worry about it mature marry Ted Cruz get
a chance AVP right now that triple hero
guitar gun hitting star for a scar-faced
hunt routine fear reroute it I'm pulling
back light up
come on sheriff is by the way
sweet show me a lot yeah full game Jeff
old port I'm fine for now leave what am
i important bucket back to shadow
presenter shadow film man it's Amanda
ties dead in shadow and I can get some
criminis place from the ketchup
Kesha
here with my trim sit down I feel just
like right now get my health stone I'm
like a death little piece look at this
one ya Gong priest
link good man
pretty sure it is there
clock take me come on a man's head over
here
sticking out face for now yeah hard a
priest it's gonna go for freaknik priest
I can't feel full sure ya can do that a
cigar you go ahead like that idea
bringing Farrah got it okay I'm spelling
it all over again novos is fucking over
balls right now hitting our blog I'm
gonna excellent book on a spell lock
right now hey lockhart lockhart lockhart
x i'm here flex on shamrock ported don't
lock so my dude
better peter Shumlin right now your
blanket smell you gonna remember that
termina
caprice priest emblem priests are now
stopped him and beauty feared you just
don't touch the showman keep it up
Kishan dude it's not on him is it I
thing dude auto priests are free so
great Jeff boiled what kind of spell and
shaman right now can't get the dish
grill
victory scholar that's what's up I think
maybe I council once I remember
what oh yeah